Allow loading offline sessions from loadCurrentSession (#119)
Shopify/shopify-node-api: docs/usage/oauth.md

As mentioned in the previous sections, you can use the OAuth methods to create both offline and online sessions. Once the process is completed, the session will be stored as per your `Context.SESSION_STORAGE` strategy, and can be retrieved with the below utitilies.

- To load a session, you can use the following method. You can load both online and offline sessions from the current request / response objects.
```ts
await Shopify.Utils.loadCurrentSession(request, response, isOnline);
```
- If you need to load a session for a background job, you can get offline sessions directly from the shop.
```ts
await Shopify.Utils.loadOfflineSession(shop);
```

> **Note**: the `loadOfflineSession` method does not perform any validations on the `shop` parameter. You should never called it from user inputs or URLs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note**: the `loadOfflineSession` method does not perform any validations on the `shop` parameter. You should avoid calling it from user inputs or URLs.
```
